---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/1-about-our-service/1-1-intro/","tags":["gardenEntry"]}
---

# Stray Frames Does Data

## What we do

We provide expert consultation for **individuals and teams who feel stranded** when it comes to managing their data and digital workflows.

Think of us as your **tech craftsman**: not a salaried IT person on staff, but a trusted problem-solver who [understands both technology and video production](https://www.strayframes.com/dmcs), delivering tailored setups that fit the way you work.

## Our process

We listen to your needs, create a tailored blueprint to help optimize your workflow, and then guide you through implementing it.

After setup, we offer basic maintenance for a recurring fee to keep things running smoothly, and email consultation for follow-up questions or custom adjustments.

Check out what we can provide [[1. About Our Service/1.2 Plans and Pricing\|here]].

## Remote support

We work remotely, and by design, are not your on-site IT department, but we aim to make sure your setup is reliable, low-maintenance, and built to last.

> [!fail] What we don’t do
> - We can’t promise to be on-site or on-call for emergencies.
> - We cannot guarantee 24/7/365 availability. Remote support has its limits, and while we’ll do everything we can to prepare you in case of emergency, we cannot commit to immediate responses at all hours. **Our goal is to make sure you have a setup that works for you while minimizing urgent issues**, not to act as a full-time IT department.

> [!done] What we do
> - **Assess your overall workflow** and highlight where it can be improved for security or efficiency.
> - **Provide support via email**, as well as scheduled screen sharing and phone/video calls.
> - **Deliver tailored solutions** specific to your needs.
> - **Offer consultation** whenever you have any questions.
> - Recommend improvements that **won’t disrupt your business**.
> - Provide expert help for **a fraction of what a salaried IT person would cost**.

*While we can’t replace on-site IT support, our goal is to give you clear guidance and a reliable setup that runs smoothly on its own.*

---
## See how we can help you

We’re here to guide you and make sure your setup is solid and stress-free.

See exactly what we do for you [[1. About Our Service/1.2 Plans and Pricing\|here]], or if you'd like a **free consultation** where we can assess your situation, [contact us today](mailto:contact@strayframes.com).