---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/3-setting-up/3-1-pre-onboarding/"}
---


### Warnings (customers making sure they have chosen the right path, things that they are required to KNOW)

- Never use port forwarding on your router (you shouldn't need to anyway, and doing so could cause unnecessary risks)
- In Tailscale, never allow unknown people or potentially bad actors into your Tailnet. If you need to add someone temporarily, you can add them and revoke/disable their access online.
- Always make sure the `root` user's passphrase is VERY secure (15-25 characters long and complex).
- **UNRAID ONLY:**
	- Security of the server is up to the users and their devices, because every user has full access to modify the server (i.e. they can shut it down remotely if they wanted to). It's recommended to always disable Tailscale when not accessing the server on those devices.
	- Because of this, we can connect to a more secure device over the internet, and *that* device syncs with the Unraid server. (Is this silly?)
- ethernet connection is required
- Ultimately, Tailscale is **access to your computer**, which is why it should only be used between trusted devices. If you need to receive files from untrusted devices, you need to either 1) limit what they are able to access (aka make a specific user for these untrusted people) or 2) use a different method for file transfer (whether itt's a public endpoint using HTTPS + a REST server) or just something like wetransfer+encryption.

### Pre-onboarding (customers have decided the path, things that they are required to DO)

- set up ethernet - get long enough cables, be able to reach the router, make sure there's an available port (if not then buy a switch)
- **Make pre-onboarding questionnaire:** questionnaire asking more specific questions about their current setup - custom routing setup, VLAN, static IPs/IP reservations, servers, networking tunnels, ISP and internet plan, 